like a stroller
nord line edel viva modular system
two in one
trim stroller combined
waterproof and waterproof fabric from
textiles and eco leather
I like this modern stuff
which does not allow foreign odors not
dubeet in the cold and does not lose its
properties in summer
cradle edel viva has an extra
weatherability that in principle is positivity
classes frame
affects operation
the use of this stroller in Russia
baby carriage has inner dimensions
dimensions
81 centimeters at 35 side height 20
centimeters hood stroller has
insulation it allows you to stay cool
in summer
and additionally isolated from
frost in winter the hood of the stroller has
ventilated
window which can
use in summer for
internal ventilation
cradle space
the cradle inside is trimmed with cotton
material has
mattress and head lift adjustment
wood bottom has adjustment
head lift complete convenient
mattress
stroller handle is decorated with eco-leather I am very
comfortable to keep it soft and in winter
period
eco-leather does not dubeet on the handle there are two
loops for attaching mom's bags on
system carbines mom's bag
also made in combination
finishing eco leather and textile textiles
waterproof there is a handy valve on
magnetic hold inside the bag
closes additionally with a zipper
bag inside has two pockets separately
for small things and a common space
stroller frame
rotary somatization
front rear front and rear wheels
front wheels are fixed that
allows the stroller to be the most
maneuverable
also the stroller has two positions
abortion shock absorber stiffness
shock absorber stiffness adjustment
located at the bottom of the suspension
Inflatable wheels with rubber wheels
allows the stroller to be maximized
walkable winter stroller del
viva has a bag for extra
gated things
bag is insulated with insulation and equipped with
lightning around the perimeter this allows
keep things clean
on the edel viva stroller can be installed
car seat carrying 0 plus trading
brand maxi-cosi through additional
adapter
walking block stroller edel viva
from being famous for being a single bed
of the largest in the class of wheelchairs 95
centimeters
the walking block is supplied
cape on the feet warmed hood
walking block has several
inspection windows and ventilation
magnet viewing window
and also there is a comfortable ventilation window
which can be used in summer
the period here is purged internal
stroller space
summer is not hot
finishing of the walking block
eco-leather and textile combination
the step of the walking block is regulated
has 4 adjustment positions trim
trimmed under the legs
eco-leather is very comfortable easy
wipe the baby after it separately
I want to note
bumper walking block here there
secret
fastening button it is very convenient that
the child cannot on his own
unfasten bumper strollers bumper
entire backrest adjustment is removed
pendulum has in position 180
degrees here are completely horizontal
position to position 90 degrees then
have it very comfortable baby can
sit upright and mom can not
fear that the child may slip
from under the banks of this model stroller
very deep hood
it is possible to close the adjustments
child from the sudden gusts of snow
snow or rain stroller edel viva
was designed specifically for
Russian Russian conditions
operation
This model This model distinguishes
beautiful design wide range of options
who are present in this stroller a
also the convenience of its use stroller
edel viva
This is an excellent choice that distinguishes
excellent workmanship modern
materials
superior design as well as her
consumer properties is important that
complete modular strollers have
full set of options that allow
use this stroller in any weather